Update get-started-core-ediscovery.md (#8898)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/get-started-core-ediscovery.md

Licensing for eDiscovery (Standard) requires the appropriate organization subscription and per-user licensing.

> - **Organization subscription:** To access eDiscovery (Standard) in the Microsoft Purview compliance portal and use the hold and export features, your organization must have an Exchange online Plan 2 or Microsoft 365 E3 or Office 365 E3 subscription or higher. Microsoft 365 Frontline organizations must have an F5 subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Organization subscription:** To access eDiscovery (Standard) in the Microsoft Purview compliance portal and use the hold and export features, your organization must have an Exchange Online Plan 2 or a Microsoft 365 E3 or Office 365 E3 subscription or later. Microsoft 365 Frontline organizations must have an F5 subscription.
```
